Alex come on feathers you can give him a
hand I don't have hands the wile silly
all right jump then put a again in the
Air Force double jump okay we headed it
that's it we're ready to move on not
until you learn this one first you must
stand like this what wearing ridiculous
glasses and a silly Quran I'm not
listening hold Z then press a for the
mighty flat foot jump okay give a shot
awesome that's all the jumps keep
practicing thank you we hi I'm go home
hey what's that mean I'm an extra
honeycomb peas collect six of us to
increase your Hut energy bar energy bar
oh is that my hope I can't attack geez
I'm going to be helpless I'm very
explore more mohel yay what hey let's
clean benci learning to swim underwater
oh sounds difficult and I'll get my fur
wet come on manage your own wants to
swim please spill the beans speccy use
the controls to swim on the surface to
swim underwater press B dive go on give
it to give it a try okay
I'm going to heaven banda water banjo
compressed to kick his legs and the
winged wonder can recipe to use her
wings oh I'm also moving to come oh man
I want to climb on a climb hey stuff
nothing like this hey Ellen sweet take
care for me I'm an extra night awesome
is that for when I die hey hey what why
you always test eddlemon anyway hey man
Joe I'll hope you're not afraid of
heights early I'm not tell me about
flying monster not yet banjo jump onto a
tree then use the control stick to climb
up or now ok like this one over here
you'll find plenty of other things to
climb ok I still can't attack want to
attack
ah area we do how many things you have
your backpack a lot what are you talking
about I can barely fit this thing really
yeah no look back on that now my beak
barge attack means the help of old
chicken looks happy I've got some like
short stuff homsi then presby for a
powerful biggy large okay Steve a joke
she is useful for something I'm trying
to smooth out on new next jam jars be
nice hey nothing yay there's one more
hey up there
we why do you always step on my knee
banjo it's time for you to learn the
claw swipe at that it's like what is it
I must know simply press B when standing
still or moving slowly sounds good what
can I try it on I don't like sorry well
how about birds right just try it by
little boy only kidding let me find
something with a challenge ah there's
topper whacking banjo hey yo yeah have a
carrot Wow nice one try another hell one
some moves that I die please i'll try my
fearsome for droll I was hard to find
out please roll by running and pressing
B I'll see if you can find bald for you
to practice on its internal die bullseye
one more stop rolling I feel sick